MGMT-7947: Adding Openshift template (#7)
openshift-assisted/assisted-events-scrape: README.md

| `ES_INDEX`          | Elasticsearch index name | assisted-service-events |
| `LOGS_DEST`          | Logs directory, can be relative |  |
| `ES_SERVER`          | Elasticsearch server address |  |
| `ES_USER(optional)`          | Elasticsearch user name | elastic |
| `ES_PASS(optional)`          | Elasticsearch password  |  |
| `REMOTE_SERVICE_URL` | Assisted service url  | https://api.openshift.com |
| `OFFLINE_TOKEN` | Assisted service offline token  | |

> | `INVENTORY_URL` | Assisted service inventory url  | |

Reviewer: can you put an example in the table?

Author: not my code, just documented it, don't have an example yet. will do after running it

> | `BACK_DESTINATION` | Path to save backup, if empty no back up saved  | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `BACKUP_DESTINATION` | Path to save backup, if empty no backups will be saved  | |
```
